scripts/helm/traefik-crds/VALUES.md, before:

# traefik-crds

![Version: 1.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Traefik based Kubernetes ingress controller

**Homepage:** <https://traefik.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| mloiseleur | <michel.loiseleur@traefik.io> |  |
| charlie-haley | <charlie.haley@traefik.io> |  |
| darkweaver87 | <remi.buisson@traefik.io> |  |
| jnoordsij |  |  |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/traefik/traefik>
* <https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.22.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| deleteOnUninstall | bool | `false` | Set it to true if you want to uninstall CRDs when uninstalling this chart. By default, CRDs will be kept so your custom resources will not be deleted accidentally. |
| gatewayAPI | bool | `false` | Set it to true to install GatewayAPI CRDs. Needed if you set providers.kubernetesGateway.enabled to true in main chart |
| hub | bool | `false` | Set it to true to install Traefik Hub CRDs. Needed if you set hub.enabled to true in main chart |
| traefik | bool | `true` | Install Traefik CRDs by default |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)

Commit message:

[helm] Upgrade traefik-crds helm chart to version 1.8.1

scripts/helm/traefik-crds/VALUES.md, after:

# traefik-crds

![Version: 1.8.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.8.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Traefik based Kubernetes ingress controller

**Homepage:** <https://traefik.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| mloiseleur | <michel.loiseleur@traefik.io> |  |
| darkweaver87 | <remi.buisson@traefik.io> |  |
| jnoordsij |  |  |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart>
* <https://github.com/traefik/traefik>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.22.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| deleteOnUninstall | bool | `false` | Set it to true if you want to uninstall CRDs when uninstalling this chart. By default, CRDs will be kept so your custom resources will not be deleted accidentally. |
| enabled | bool | `true` | Field that can be used as a condition when this chart is a dependency. This definition is only here as a placeholder such that it is included in the json schema. See https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/#conditions-and-tags for more info. |
| gatewayAPI | bool | `false` | Set it to true to install GatewayAPI CRDs. Needed if you set providers.kubernetesGateway.enabled to true in main chart |
| global | object | `{}` | Global values This definition is only here as a placeholder such that it is included in the json schema. |
| hub | bool | `false` | Set it to true to install Traefik Hub CRDs. Needed if you set hub.enabled to true in main chart |
| traefik | bool | `true` | Install Traefik CRDs by default |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)
